<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title></title>
    <link href="../Styles/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="chapter-15" xml:lang="en-US">
      <h2>15. A Little Less Than Average</h2>
      <br /><br /><p data-p-id="9bf31c7ff062936a96d3c8bd1f8f2ff3">15</p>
<p data-p-id="0b49dab178710cfd11ea739d1ff4dfbd">*Izzy's POV*</p>
<p data-p-id="5ee8d8e84f526249b7544b42943a108f">It's been days.  I'm having a hard time finding Tristan.  I'm worried he's too far and I'll pass out when I got to him, but I'm now thinking I need to make the sacrifice.  I had gone back to the boarding house, but there's barely anything left of it.  </p>
<p data-p-id="13649dd52f427334e510422749ef22e5">I have to find her.  I know they haven't killed her yet, but I can only imagine what they're doing.</p>
<p data-p-id="7d6b90879f3443fc53ad54d4c61f97ed">I've tried over and over to find her, but she's not letting me.  I can't seem to place where she is!  It's killing me on the inside.</p>
<p data-p-id="f8ac5a6a1f486ab7cd9e886fb0063fe6">I was driving around when I finally gave up.  I'm finding Tristan now.</p>
<p data-p-id="3f800cdfa8dae6062889327d8d98b6fb">I pulled over and closed my eyes and thought of what he looked like and every detail.  Then I placed where he was.  Some house in Rhode Island.  I opened my eyes and I was there.  I was a little dizzy, but since I haven't been transporting anywhere and I don't have Felicity with me it was easier.</p>
<p data-p-id="2574a0ecfe0e27499c75c9e542977530">"Who's there?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="08f6dc5226258f373531a65129cb69e6">"Tristan it's me, Izzy!"</p>
<p data-p-id="ad2345e51183e26420f2d27219590ada">"Oh my gosh!  Be more careful.  I was about to shoot you."</p>
<p data-p-id="4194f30622c0030d898fda54c2572bce">"Listen, I need your help."</p>
<p data-p-id="5b987d86bd76245809dbb6608448bac6">"With?"  He paused.  "Wait, where's Felicity?"</p>
<p data-p-id="f8aee46e19c05a32b2f646628dd8dde1">I sighed.  "She's been taken by Lucious' people."</p>
<p data-p-id="0916da73d987558c1dc0465a3d815363">"What?!  You're kidding!"</p>
<p data-p-id="0ab06f2ca6810f8d01083b3d39208ff7">"No."</p>
<p data-p-id="58c07b50816b068078cd84bf77a6cbdf">"We have to get a hold of Carol."</p>
<p data-p-id="fc4800d4fa76a20fb6e4684be71dd307">"Why?"</p>
<p data-p-id="2074f520a06b7d0d35ae3950b2597c57">"We're going to need some help."</p>
<p data-p-id="a2b1de094953f54052faf5489a394e22">"With getting Felicity?"</p>
<p data-p-id="3106823c91b2a00b635400918423e978">"Of course.  We have to get her."</p>
<p data-p-id="e71e5e742c815da825ab15bb8f785fa0">"I agree."</p>
<p data-p-id="445a30dd992a18e01ac6f512a07767b4">"Well, I have a question though."</p>
<p data-p-id="d2cb139e5f5912e75a9684e913fd45f8">"Shoot."</p>
<p data-p-id="c3f190ebda8043228090e306ea727e12">"Why'd you come to me?"</p>
<p data-p-id="243d93e77114a2e06696d44c8da5f2ee">"I was told that you have maps and what not of Lucious' domain."</p>
<p data-p-id="cec88dddf34efff23c1f6539993c01d4">"I do."</p>
<p data-p-id="6b5e5a186325f37ad32db3533722cbb3">"I was thinking that even if Felicity doesn't want me there, then I can still get in somehow."</p>
<p data-p-id="8ab653bc548fd3a07d7e88b7a67e4c7f">"Izzy are you stupid?  Because you don't come off as stupid."</p>
<p data-p-id="a1cb510e4e59754452c561d0323f5d36">"Uh..."</p>
<p data-p-id="e16940e924927865bbd382d738e546e9">"Well, I'm going to tell you right now that was about the dumbest idea ever."</p>
<p data-p-id="97cd20009bb96578c6c8cce5153b702c">"Why?"</p>
<p data-p-id="d96f31380e753199f0c02c5b779e5b2c">"Of course Felicity doesn't want you there.  She's bait!  They want you both!"</p>
<p data-p-id="f990262f84a2c397d8dc091fb161fa44">"Why?!  Can someone finally answer that for me?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="72d032ab4f60eb562c4371f3563ea0df">"I can't, but Carol can."</p>
<p data-p-id="3dfc227172e86cd7debb367626720f26">"Damn it."</p>
<p data-p-id="b602d4551c682ee8befd8de50c8f41c2">"Come on Izzy, get some rest.  There's nothing we can do right now.  I'll get a hold of Carol right now."</p>
<p data-p-id="786d70e7da3d5c4e1feac9126c6f1c38">I thought about what he said.  It makes sense, but the minute she wants me to come, I'm coming.</p>
<p data-p-id="1036f386f17fc1426ebf5384cbd7bdc4">He showed me to a room and the minute I hit the couch I fell asleep.</p>
<p data-p-id="de17e7fba20849ad727c17b046ec33d9">*Felicity's POV*</p>
<p data-p-id="2f467314800e9ea27d9238a245fc9fdb">I thought I would be treated badly, starved or something like that.  I did not expect this.</p>
<p data-p-id="4eb741dd561ce10270c4d163b86256fd">I was given clothes, a nice room, nice meals, and everything great.  Although the clothes are rather uncomfortable.  Nothing fits.  It's too short, or showing.  I look like a slut to put it bluntly.</p>
<p data-p-id="eb6e9ce82dbc80e61dc7f62e5ee0a238">I still don't know why they're doing this.</p>
<p data-p-id="252c4d2883eb21df89d968f79b33488b">Jane visited me once.  Just to take a look around and ask me if I was comfortable.</p>
<p data-p-id="631c5e04c01047d333bc397f1183ea0f">"Can I meet your husband?"  I asked.</p>
<p data-p-id="c044360dd3bd32f4fc908386a1f8d2ee">"No.  Not yet anyways."</p>
<p data-p-id="a19cd74715233583ee99090e674b63af">"Why are you doing this?"</p>
<p data-p-id="823dfefd39cde94daf43802ea2f3d0d6">"We just want your stay here to be comfortable."</p>
<p data-p-id="b6e267806a0d4989d5255b76fb58fefe">"That makes no sense.  You kidnapped me."</p>
<p data-p-id="8c9592e4f798d572e87ba074ade3b790">"Well, I'd love to answer all your incessant questions, but I have a date with my husband."</p>
<p data-p-id="9718cc23ad3fa9ba7c0d700690c045d2">"Why are you killing us if you're one of us?!"  I yelled.</p>
<p data-p-id="d43a35b8c20252aa67e669c64a47137c">She stopped and turned around.  "Excuse me?"</p>
<p data-p-id="a793bdd346187fffc9a9aea56597cea8">"I mean, whatever happened to your other half?  Why are you with Lucious killing us?"</p>
<p data-p-id="1608367e61b19d5d67d0b0dffa484bd8">He chuckled evilly.  "Well, my other half was named Ryan.  He was killed by our kind.  Need I say more?"</p>
<p data-p-id="e3d58c99d1492dd5705194ed4e0581c1">"Why did they kill him?"</p>
<p data-p-id="513f9635f30a05e0e64ba06391c5f1de">"They were just... drunk."</p>
<p data-p-id="55f5d8b453041ddce98aadc4356311f0">"But-"</p>
<p data-p-id="c21d62f55bf037e01d45a887cf4869ac">"Listen, they killed him and you want to know who killed him?"</p>
<p data-p-id="d8096fe1aab7cb5c6416a424289a3133">"Who?"</p>
<p data-p-id="0b9f8d787d05bc44c1103e205514a3f5">"Your bastard of a dad!"</p>
<p data-p-id="ff7c121e3e6b3adc8fe222f82c6b4275">"My father?"</p>
<p data-p-id="7c5ca66ba1538c24efec7251b1ef2d50">"Yeah, him and all his buddies!"</p>
<p data-p-id="be0904f3168a43acaa7565fc6cdfe247">"That makes no sense.  He couldn't have."</p>
<p data-p-id="dd0e622848c8b1381a51391dfa4e3202">'My other half was a bit of an eccentric visionary.  But he didn't deserve to die.'  I heard her think.  Then I got a massive pain in my head.</p>
<p data-p-id="cf5bc2af08446aa0519eecde80199f97">"What do you mean eccentric visionary?"  I mumbled.</p>
<p data-p-id="526f0d77fca93ef8aa01d468664c23e8">"Don't you dare read my mind!  And I wouldn't if I were you.  This room keeps you from using powers.  So if your little boyfriend comes in.  He can't come out unless he wants a nasty shock."  She chuckled.</p>
<p data-p-id="b6036ba022ece8aab178c3910c1071bd">"I'm sorry!  It just happens!  And he won't come!"</p>
<p data-p-id="0b4e4c9d12209049e0341ee870c5075e">"Why am I here talking to you?"</p>
<p data-p-id="115d533b1f82ec30150d8118848a0cc6">She swept out of there.  I thought for a minute.  My father was not drunk.  She meant something by eccentric visionary.  What did he do that made them kill him?  I figured out that her ability made her like elastic.  I don't even know how old she is.  She can make her face wrinkly or tighten it.  It's like your own easy Botox.  </p>
<p data-p-id="4c1aba93e0bdd4ec41a0ae7a49bbc722">I laid down and thought.  Then I got this wave of loneliness in this big room.  It was giant and white with a huge plush blue bed.</p>
<p data-p-id="dfa7f387955114fb7da1cc36335e09c8">I started to fall asleep.  I thought of Izzy.  God, I missed him.  I sighed.  I would give anything for him to be here.</p>
<p data-p-id="e06ea887320731741a09dc85abcb5d1b">Before I could stop my thoughts I heard rustling.  No.  He's here!  </p>
<p data-p-id="6e00c2500b9c7b7969e25a607bc7a045">"Felicity?"</p>
<p data-p-id="502a154e902a0019a55c9e223feffc12">"No Izzy!  You can't be here!"</p>
<p data-p-id="8e9edef6099c2412e3e2d4b4c6ca953d">I rushed over to him.</p>
<p data-p-id="9e124edca1b425dd40c6a4cbf4d06059">He got up woozily.  "Why?"</p>
<p data-p-id="eb4267623e0c49979c6132b10af40588">"Now you can't leave.  This is what he wanted!  Are you an idiot?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="4bc9eafd5a2918f8733f2f7f3204918e">"I'm sorry.  I just come whenever you wanted me to.  I didn't think about it."</p>
<p data-p-id="c8ca68e772b582bce496682293d3651d">"No!"  I started to cry.  It's all over now.</p>
<p data-p-id="df51eacbc7c597d44e89daf4f826819d">"Ssshhh."  He held me.  "Don't worry.  It'll be okay."</p>
<p data-p-id="cb78b8326641aadb8c469da830934613">"No it won't!  You were our last hope."</p>
<p data-p-id="2461585f9b3476e3b075213f346ae8bf">"No, I managed to find Tristan.  They'll help us."</p>
<p data-p-id="c5aa737cbc1cb79203ddce51a316bb89">"They won't know where we are!  This place is huge.  We're going to die."</p>
<p data-p-id="c06669dba29717ffee26539f28320131">"Wait, you said I can't leave?"</p>
<p data-p-id="e7c0eaa4d139971158e8269d1ddac893">"No.  This room is made so you won't be able to."</p>
<p data-p-id="13d317e776e23f4fb66bfa9926fbfb22">All of the sudden hit the ground in pain.  "Izzy!  What's wrong?"</p>
<p data-p-id="3a1665e4e4363fc2b5ceed9502cbd9c2">"I tried."</p>
<p data-p-id="a3a283655e0aff69c92740a5e1d07618">"You're an idiot!"</p>
<p data-p-id="3a63fcc3af08129b1043b29d324bbaa1">"Calm down.  It's alright."</p>
<p data-p-id="8e1394e09d9cfc5c91c53820eafa1b62">I continued to cry.  I lost all hope.</p>
<p data-p-id="572fd8015f5eab2dd8e5a922c7f7b296">He picked me up and carried me to the bed.  He laid me down gently and laid down next to me.  He held me until I stopped crying.  "You know, you look really good in that dress."  He said to lighten the mood.</p>
<p data-p-id="4b23204db73a004fa154279a0c83f5b1">I sniffled, but smiled.  "Thanks.  I didn't want to wear it, but I don't have many choices in here."</p>
<p data-p-id="e8be91f14615068f43ad4dcddce1f7db">He chuckled.  "You know what?"</p>
<p data-p-id="de4458e7eb3aca0c6376bcd48783c97a">"What?"  </p>
<p data-p-id="982c42903064e34883b1963d9d6bd2a3">"When we get out of here, I'm going to give you a big milkshake.  With a cherry on top of course.  To match that hair."</p>
<p data-p-id="dcf726942557eb3b01104880bc1ef85b">I laughed.  "That sounds wonderful."</p>
<p data-p-id="279364cbc3fb2791d380b9c7e397a743">He wrapped his arms around me and we eventually fell asleep.  </p>
<p data-p-id="02fedaca78c5f107add667c0a7f45cfd">Then we got woken up by a knock at the door.  That's weird to me.  Usually they barge right in.  I'm a prisoner so it doesn't matter.</p>
<p data-p-id="5dfc3a48cb3de0b0b33314668ef1d949">I walked over and knocked back.  I obviously can't open it.  It slowly opened it revealing a girl.  "Hello?"  I said.</p>
<p data-p-id="c63c93cedc1d31ebe57c07041d4b8e9b">"Hi, Felicity?"</p>
<p data-p-id="f1a73e3663a39416778adb917df4e5c3">"Yes."</p>
<p data-p-id="30c2a62a7226f69547bdbde4089b4f9c">That's when it donned on me.  I know this girl!  This is Fallon!</p>
<p data-p-id="fb288f0b28d5de0f48b98d6e601b7930">"Fallon!"</p>
<p data-p-id="e6bea7357a6c734accda8585d00b19f2">"You know me?"</p>
<p data-p-id="7a96bdb0eb8a73591703a1568aaeef6f">"I know Tristan."</p>
<p data-p-id="91efb0953c6398aa85b2ad352f5281c3">"You do?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="0d32e7aff3c5b7b17f21fe1bcabe949b">"Yes."</p>
<p data-p-id="a519eb68fb1933a7b189241f32fee6ed">"Oh.  Well, I want to help you."</p>
<p data-p-id="438c4d796f5f4b3639e8f76064391129">"How?"</p>
<p data-p-id="4da85c8e0551e8574b4aadba4bdf6197">"I'm going to get you and him out of here."</p>
<p data-p-id="ee3bf7c9ed309d1e9e86e2dcc4b80ab4">"Really?"</p>
<p data-p-id="3c4fc843506df5099630bdbead028e91">"Yes, come with me."</p>
<p data-p-id="e3ff27fe43c3239da731f0b5520d5e50">**I know I haven't mentioned why Fallon is with them.  I don't really get a chance in the story to explain it though.  They  actually pretty much blackmailed her with Trsitan.  They were in the perfect position to take him, so she had no choice to protect him.  She never got a chance to explain what happened so he doesn't reall know why she left either.  And once you're there you're there.  Threre's no way she can leave.  Her ability is too rared and useful for them to kill her though.  Got it?  =D  Thanks for reading! Peace!**</p><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
