<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title></title>
    <link href="../Styles/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="chapter-13" xml:lang="en-US">
      <h2>13. A Little Less Than Average</h2>
      <br /><br /><p data-p-id="c51ce410c124a10e0db5e4b97fc2af39">13</p>
<p data-p-id="43d39cfdf272725fd365333203fe101f">The next morning I woke up with my arms still around him.  He was awake though.  "Good morning."  I mumbled.</p>
<p data-p-id="b2b30c742c2e299ded7fa2638e91cecc">"You're not going to yell at me?"</p>
<p data-p-id="9db4d01070df4073c97e9e107cd074ff">"Why would I?"</p>
<p data-p-id="90c2f5e8eb317f13c612d62b8d62b099">"I thought you'd be mad."</p>
<p data-p-id="f3eef502e931bccbf9ba23a816545e72">"I'll let you in on a little secret."</p>
<p data-p-id="184826be0ea6837abb5851807f7a9e2b">"What?"</p>
<p data-p-id="d71ebbf4bc9ad86af494f567c952932b">"I was awake last night when you came to bed."</p>
<p data-p-id="ee3bf7c9ed309d1e9e86e2dcc4b80ab4">"Really?"</p>
<p data-p-id="32fbc8a8395c45873b09eca9120f9d03">"Yep."</p>
<p data-p-id="47fa32076b97cd404585a1397dc39bf8">"I was really worried you'd get mad at me again."</p>
<p data-p-id="549988740a8fabf294040f65153c3603">I laughed.  "Yeah I know."</p>
<p data-p-id="88201fd8bc46522e1c76fffa1ded674e">"Of course you do, you annoying little mind reader."</p>
<p data-p-id="7fa7d02e0da8eb2011558e3d2387d383">"We better get going."</p>
<p data-p-id="68b5e454c09c9fc3a01bb718e5da78fa">"You're right.  But let's get the free breakfast before we go."</p>
<p data-p-id="e4cc5e06de18ac3d95ef6c0cd8831416">"Of course!"</p>
<p data-p-id="393c5b566b01aeaada850ee188b9dea4">I got up and grabbed some clothes.  I changed into jeans and a flannel shirt.  I threw my hair up in a ponytail and walked out.  Izzy was dressed and already packing.  "Ready?"  He asked.</p>
<p data-p-id="f309516be97b6ab8a783aa912c0a6f8a">"Yep.  Let's go."</p>
<p data-p-id="dba89bcc81139a71dcc1655d70aa50ed">We got everything, which wasn't much, returned the room key and made our way to the truck.</p>
<p data-p-id="6aa8bfd234199e842721d113921477d9">We got in and continued our journey to see my mother.</p>
<p data-p-id="adc408fa2c25dbbd653fb39619ce426a">~*~</p>
<p data-p-id="e2ffdf1cf8d6c3ca49dd92e7c510742a">"Will you shut up!"  I yelled.  We are about half an hour away and I'm about to kill him!</p>
<p data-p-id="73b68cd2774ebb8a41f233d62c159a77">He was singing loudly to Benny and The Jets!  I hate that song!  He was so off-key and he doesn't even know the words!</p>
<p data-p-id="6ef1b8407cca3d52cee92815165109da">He just kept on singing.  The song finally ended and I hit his arm.  "Ow! Jeez!  What?  You can't appreciate the classics?"</p>
<p data-p-id="75d6a1e2fb6af923da6d2e7fec58f199">"Not when they're being sung, loud and off-key!  Are you seriously that tone deaf?"</p>
<p data-p-id="6252396363faec241521bb868a9d0d8f">"No, I just did an extra special job, just for you!"</p>
<p data-p-id="8be1f8d733e6fda4d19747b8df733bfc">"Jerk."  I said turning completely away from him and facing the window.</p>
<p data-p-id="eac98babf965c448a04e2d7488cb2f7f">He reached over and rubbed my back and chuckled.  "You're so moody."</p>
<p data-p-id="929ff0a8aec9c94ceec7c138a26eaa23">"Yeah, well people just piss me off easily."</p>
<p data-p-id="d29de4b8af8397daf609c86637e7f8a5">"You know it's a good thing we're made for each other, so I can handle your erratic personality."</p>
<p data-p-id="bb54f25baac32c120b60748fdb8e5af6">"Same goes for you buddy."</p>
<p data-p-id="3624e7603a7c6b0d45e9940c4afe8f1f">"Ha!  I'm way better at handling you then you handling me.  How many times have you screamed at me to get away, to shut up, beat me up, and so on?"</p>
<p data-p-id="7ba7acbf02debafd6835aa8a20730092">I thought about it.  "Wow, I'm an abusive girlfriend."</p>
<p data-p-id="715b471af88944396175112750f79de7">"Well, for the record this relationship was forced and that's just your personality."</p>
<p data-p-id="a6b0ec0b16a67041859d1a2aa524e697">"Are you calling me a violent person?"</p>
<p data-p-id="f1a73e3663a39416778adb917df4e5c3">"Yes."</p>
<p data-p-id="0657fd3d58e981eff5ee088fa64921b0">"Wow, way to be blunt."  I smiled at him.</p>
<p data-p-id="8467b074f9b8be983a85a565d959eeca">"Well, what's life when you beat around the bush?"</p>
<p data-p-id="15f80a1994e35d26bde87d2b08ba867b">"Drawn out and pointless."</p>
<p data-p-id="03da7d026b3ed3311d4bec60c0190dc6">"Exactly."</p>
<p data-p-id="6bc8496c6b68328309490f2b8b5c42e6">I smiled at him and he smiled back.  "Hey we're here!"  I said looking out the window.</p>
<p data-p-id="444f8facfd506d0b6012167fffc4d0e8">He pulled into the driveway of a cute little house.  It was seriously in the middle of nowhere.  It was white with red shutters.  A very nice garden and brick walkway.  </p>
<p data-p-id="bde3e5f6b6504e4423a3d976ae9e50f3">I got nervous then.  I haven't seen my mom in forever.  I wonder if she's going to recognize me.  I looked at my hair.  Yeah, I'm sure you can't mistake this hair.</p>
<p data-p-id="d59d9a6ac1a1b39f377fb675ededb167">"Ready?"  He asked.</p>
<p data-p-id="341d83e1c1c24ae5b51a11b43ec2ae13">"As I'll ever be."  </p>
<p data-p-id="b987eef8d0dc02eac56c4c64ba363747">He gave me a quick kiss and we got out.</p>
<p data-p-id="8e195bf73dafddec5161b46ebe3876ea">We walked up the little stone path and I knocked on the door.</p>
<p data-p-id="ffdc16b81130c84833e428d8c3d5f628">I heard rustling and the door being unlocked.</p>
<p data-p-id="b3f67d2445cb1d320048177f4d763749">It cracked open and she peaked out.  "Who is it?"</p>
<p data-p-id="4ad3416123ad9fa701d63287038cd0dc">"Mom?"</p>
<p data-p-id="3a7bb134a27a0ae3cb48c7c1abf7a882">The door flung open.  There she was.  Her hair slightly less red then mine, but just as wild.  "Felicity?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="f409ebebc39965de412b8e4e2dc136b4">"Hi."  I said smiling sheepishly.</p>
<p data-p-id="40aa309f5d89baff11a4d010782cfe71">"What the hell are you doing here?!"  She said with her eyes wide.</p>
<p data-p-id="044c7fe76db9b49f0ca53e48b2d689c7">"Can't I visit?"</p>
<p data-p-id="16b3f80c05c1d52fca9530be1c665f66">"Why?"  She crossed her arms.</p>
<p data-p-id="a11bb2bbfc0e180c1bdc7fc629e252e8">"Can we come in?"</p>
<p data-p-id="3e51401ba2161fa9392ae2c060da8aab">"I don't know."</p>
<p data-p-id="fca408957771e6d89455ebc317be5e04">"Mom, come on.  It's me your daughter.  Why are you so paranoid?"</p>
<p data-p-id="224599fca961e2b6981bd6afafeecd89">"I haven't seen you in almost ten years sweetie.  Why are you here all of the sudden?"</p>
<p data-p-id="83333c9dacad3f72b54760342119afc8">"Your daughter can't just come visit?"</p>
<p data-p-id="a865c05dfb0c0ec4528fe354b3f4588f">"No, you're supposed to be at an all girl's school thousands of miles away."</p>
<p data-p-id="ccb27b2ac8ce0c48fd933ffc88d85c58">"You knew about that?"</p>
<p data-p-id="d84917a82280d8759788ef2a86edb5d6">"I asked for you to be sent there."</p>
<p data-p-id="3fd924a101c0b1073999efc4fcc2385e">"Why the hell would you do that to me?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="2aa8ffb7788bb3914b931c272e3860c9">"It was for your own good!"</p>
<p data-p-id="23df91bf9bb3398e9b75330cc7ff103e">"Own good?!  That place my own personal hell!  The only good thing that came out of it was meeting Izzy!"</p>
<p data-p-id="d8096fe1aab7cb5c6416a424289a3133">"Who?"</p>
<p data-p-id="d9e8bd503861999c9ba08311d7ddc866">"Him!"  I said pointing at Izzy.  He looked really uncomfortable.</p>
<p data-p-id="f751091629bec5e23cc3eaa571864295">"Wait a second.  Israel Gomez?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="0d32e7aff3c5b7b17f21fe1bcabe949b">"Yes."</p>
<p data-p-id="88cd8efd8ed2b2a80a1c2b1a0ef87651">"You little bastard!"  She yelled at him.</p>
<p data-p-id="fedca959e8b171edfa75cc8c12297009">"Don't talk to him like that!"</p>
<p data-p-id="201ab496947d52d51dd48b6f7fd992a7">"I had them send you to that school so he wouldn't find you!"</p>
<p data-p-id="fc4800d4fa76a20fb6e4684be71dd307">"Why?"</p>
<p data-p-id="9d6e3c246f62432baf5231914d51908b">"Has he kissed you?"</p>
<p data-p-id="03b6845461b7060540541f36d4cec390">"Yes mother, my ability has been activated."</p>
<p data-p-id="e8e53ddf257fd5909dd7fd2b3d04b250">"Damn it!  No."</p>
<p data-p-id="731e10b23c4d772b4d10a0bc00191dc8">"What is your problem?!"</p>
<p data-p-id="2e0d2111cc211cef0b93bc1fd07ba618">"Get in the house now."</p>
<p data-p-id="c28c0e73238332599946571f9905d121">She said with all seriousness in her voice.  Izzy and I rushed inside and she shut and locked the door.  There were like five locks lining the door.</p>
<p data-p-id="735c28cc39fb09f205882ca67f2836c4">"Wow, why so many locks?"</p>
<p data-p-id="7771ca768b846e1516adc0e9f036cc7a">"When you've been through what I have you take extra precautions."</p>
<p data-p-id="0f4fe8d32f1150a401cf5107294d6872">She went and sat down in the chair across from us.  </p>
<p data-p-id="4381a02264f6b84548ea60c61f0bfdc5">"Mom, what's the matter?  I haven't seen you forever and then you scream at me and my boyfriend."</p>
<p data-p-id="a9bb5c257d90d193593f3d038f862a80">"I didn't want this for you.  If your ability was never activated then you wouldn't be a part of this life."</p>
<p data-p-id="c24aadc7512337a48b9018f8caafc2b7">"Mom, you do know fate has a way."</p>
<p data-p-id="17d8473404d2c1cbfaf135f8767d9ebb">"I know it does.  How did he even find you?"</p>
<p data-p-id="aad135381cc1d4a71b9bf080cc5db7dc">"It wasn't like it was on purpose."</p>
<p data-p-id="2e309e5ef13ed73c5de68f4d3d39f113">"Did you willingly kiss him?"</p>
<p data-p-id="42c2dab41ceb0bbda062a30c336f0065">"No, I didn't know who the hell he was." I said chuckling.</p>
<p data-p-id="5cef4cbf7aa1a24607a6d2412043095d">"He just randomly kissed you?"</p>
<p data-p-id="56cf4f7a0f9ed798949d1d5157437472">"Yeah."</p>
<p data-p-id="1307c2c41a0f1bf2c6ae4bfc33d194c2">"Did he know what he was doing?"</p>
<p data-p-id="4e21d15e365c0c8fd02cad04edad4c02">"Yes."</p>
<p data-p-id="3f30d16dcc357e87e3341451f36bdce3">"Damn you!"  She yelled at him.  His eyes got wide.  </p>
<p data-p-id="b3db631b15a1829d8cd866c1ad71e091">"I'm sorry!  I didn't know!  I was just doing what I was told by my dad!"</p>
<p data-p-id="5fb19d97254d863229cce817e5f9b915">She calmed herself down.  "Listen, I'm going to go make some dinner.  Don't come near the kitchen for a little while, so I can calm down."</p>
<p data-p-id="5646292a9821bb9b3d06b82adb868589">"I'm really sor-"  </p>
<p data-p-id="d2f35d70d9761bb052f2e398ba185245">She put her finger up to shush him then left.</p>
<p data-p-id="1600652719b54186c066506c24c21d30">"Wow, you really pissed my mom off.  Way to make a good first impression."</p>
<p data-p-id="ef42451f32821ebc9e9cc30ae2143d33">He gave me a 'What the hell?' look.  "It's not even my fault!"</p>
<p data-p-id="2558b2e0155991e32d50a6c13786dcd5">"Hey, you're the one that kissed me."</p>
<p data-p-id="c7f1174841907501349c27e9f93c3e70">He sighed.  "Great."</p>
<p data-p-id="fa05aa3fc5e9f00fbc3b00e4881fe08e">"It's not that bad."  I wrapped my arm around him.</p>
<p data-p-id="c093d44bf46999b0c441d34e754f6818">"Well, it's not like it can be undone."</p>
<p data-p-id="a41fc5b63963c23a68b577fa11b0bcc6">"Exactly."  I kissed his cheek.</p>
<p data-p-id="9a71d2deba37e75174698ed7b10a40bc">He smiled at me and took my chin and pulled my lips onto his.</p>
<p data-p-id="bbe3223e133fd94303655cf848c483c1">All of the sudden I felt something hot and sticky hit my face.  It was tomato sauce.  My mom was standing there.  "No!  No kissing."</p>
<p data-p-id="59bc925d3e2e3e4879b9b93251502fab">"Sorry."</p>
<p data-p-id="a328f7cd75925df34c0f69c603d59964">"Listen, I'm not happy about this, but you're going to have to stay for a little while.  Unfortunately both of you."  She said glaring at Izzy.  "I'll show you where you'll be staying.  Israel sleeps on the couch since I only have one other room.  And no you both are not staying together."</p>
<p data-p-id="93924e4d5ba0b98dfa3540606ba8f538">She showed us into a little room with a small twin bed.  It was very cute.  "Thanks mom."</p>
<p data-p-id="917888a21708e543e03ed36f637f5af3">She just eyed us and walked out.  "Wow, you'd think that now we're stuck in this together that she'd be nicer."  Izzy said.</p>
<p data-p-id="394decdb744c4c2b4cc5348e53bb6cfd">"I know.  I don't know what her problem is."</p>
<p data-p-id="8385f434bbd182930acd2e884e313dee">We talked for a little while then my mom called us for dinner.  It was the most awkward quiet dinner ever.</p>
<p data-p-id="e1e872680c0913fce981820d85e6facb">"So Felicity, What can you do?"</p>
<p data-p-id="51c965230ee5bc4f3457f94f6f1fcd01">"I read minds."</p>
<p data-p-id="f80cac51b6a3c1875b508a0de87c4ca7">"I see.  Just like your father."</p>
<p data-p-id="1f82f1cfe74cdbe45fac01b8a71dd3fc">"Yep."</p>
<p data-p-id="5efcb26de18aa609e4f69e0090467bfe">"What about you Izzy?"</p>
<p data-p-id="6c2037bc7d3273029b7c8c38f71604db">"Um....I teleport."</p>
<p data-p-id="b7b9469c3b504fd83ed3eeabc5acce19">"That's convenient."</p>
<p data-p-id="dc289b56e92e529e12634c82f060c1d2">"Yeah."</p>
<p data-p-id="f5738d7f2afb16478549719c2afc6582">"Mom, why are you so upset?"</p>
<p data-p-id="2f7d962a494314cc029ec21c1c5f1dfc">She sighed.  "Felicity, I sent you to that school so he wouldn't find you, so your power wouldn't be activated so you wouldn't ever be in any danger.  But now there's danger everywhere you go!  Lucious is going to find you."</p>
<p data-p-id="a010353a05712731d19a29c087a8db42">"Why does he want to find us so bad?"</p>
<p data-p-id="fd96b6e118608378571e6b80e63fb9a1">"I...I don't know."</p>
<p data-p-id="63cd4fccd5812c27f1870292db8fee8d">She got up and started washing the dishes.</p>
<p data-p-id="6b3456e8f73c953f718bad0de2d974f9">"Mom are you lying?"</p>
<p data-p-id="37a491817799e267328c0bd15a3d4a66">"No, I'm not.  When you're done clean your dishes and go to sleep."  She ran out.</p>
<p data-p-id="5042747b9f52287fb9685d32fc3e5761">I swear I need an answer now.  </p>
<p data-p-id="b8a548c4c5d715f0ec1d594998d78b85">**Questions questions!  =)  Hope you enjoyed it!!!  ;P Bye bye!  Let me know your thoughts!**</p><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
